how boring to wallow up to our
sets up the treatment I owe
just look irresistible
need to pick the coolest outfit
let's see what is from you
that will not do it yet what
started to have a party
something awesome I'm too woman hat
too summer too wedding too
I don’t have anything to do with the Middle Ages
put on
urgent need to go to the store and
Didn't lose at all
score
exactly what is needed
perfect nobody slept with the most beautiful
at the party of course the road
beautiful now I will definitely
look awesome inside move away
red dress and today is not to that
have fun
Well, what the hell is you beat board
such a city
twins love twins
but